# Java Final Project

I used springboot framework for server side services and maven to manage dependencies and packing into jar files.

There are packed jar files in chris_test folder

# Client

Folder yahtzeeClient contains source code of GUI.

Client Main Class: YahtzeeFrame

jar file is generated by maven under client source folder (./mvnw assembly:assembly) 

You can also run by `java -jar target/yahtzeeClient-1.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar` in terminal under yahtzeeClient folder

dice pictures are pre-scaled into 81x81

# Server

Folder yahtzeeserver contains source code for server side, a testing database

Server Main Class: YahtzeeserverApplication

jar file in test folder was generated by maven under server source folder(./mvnw clean install)

You can also run by `java -jar target/yahtzeeserver-1.0.jar` in yahtzeeserver folder

You can either import the project source code into intelliJ or just testing on jar files, but jar file will use the database file
 in test folder and source code will use the database file in yahtzeeserver folder.

The entry point is http://localhost:8080

I set my client and server communicate over http://localhost:8080/server

# Not

1. When the user tries to load a previous saved game, the client will first query for a list of saved games. Then form a string as "playerName:::::timeStamp" at their choice. In other words, if the user stored a Player name which contains ":::::" it may not be able to get the expected result. So I hope you won't use any Player Name containing ":::::" in your test cases. Thank you!

2. Also the databases are different while you running the server in current folder and in yahtzeeserver. They are all based on current working directory.